PROBLEM:
Monica decides that she would like to get to know the neighbours in the apartment better. 
She makes a batch of wonderful chocolates and hangs them on the door in a basket hoping 
that her neighbors will take some and they can meet. The neighbours (including Joey) 
eventually go crazy over the candy and demand more. Eventually, she keeps a bowl full 
of chocolates at the door for the last time.

There are N neighbours. The i_th neigbhour has initial energy equal to A_i.There is one bowl 
filled with chocolates. The neighbours are made to stand in a row and the bowl is passed 
around by obeying the following rules:

1. Any person can hold the bowl initially.
2. If the person holding the bowl has positive energy, they pass the bowl to the person 
   on the immediate right of them. The rightmost person in the row passes the bowl to the 
   leftmost person in the row.
3. The act of passing the bowl takes 1 second.
4. If the person holding the bowl has non-positive energy, they drop the bowl.
5. After each pass, the energy of the person reduces by 1.

GOAL:
Among all possible ways in which the N neighbours start the game, 
find the maximum time until the bowl is dropped.

Input Format
Each testcase contains array A of N integers.

Output Format
Maximum time until the bowl is dropped.

Constraints
1 ≤ T ≤ 100

Example:
Test case 1:
input = [2, 1, 1]
Solution: 
One of the optimal orders in which all the neighbours can stand in the row is: 1 → 2 → 3 → 1

Person 1 in one second, passes the bowl to person 2 and their own energy becomes 1.
Person 2 in one second, passes the bowl to person 3 and their own energy becomes 0.
Person 3 in one second, passes the bowl to person 1 and their own energy becomes 0.
Person 1 in one second, passes the bowl to person 2 and their own energy becomes 0.
Person 2 has 0 energy so he drops the bowl. Thus, the bowl is dropped after 4 seconds.

Test case 2: 
input = [0, 5, 0]
One of the optimal orders in which all the neighbours can stand in the row is: 2 → 1 → 3 → 2
The bowl is initially with person 2. Thus, it would travel as 2 → 1
The bowl can not be passed further due to 0 energy of person 1.

Test case 1:
input = [3, 0, 2, 1]